>> This week on Gaia, on Open
Minds with Regina Meredith.
>> People don't stop and
think about or understand that
their soul is working in
the higher realms right now.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> Just because something's
been infinitely planned out
doesn't mean you can't choose.
Understanding what a
sovereign being is, are you
sovereign enough to
hold your own energy
and not give it away?
>> On a new Into the
Vortex with Jimmy Church.
>> Having a silver disk or
a cigar or a shape come,
and they know that they are
looking at something that no
human has made, no
pilot even understands.
>> New series.
>> Everything is living, not
only the humans and the animals
but also every object.
Not only every plant, every
stone has a form of life.
>> On Channeling: A
Bridge to the Beyond.
>> The quantum feel the
connectivity that we're talking
about.
We are just learning now how
to be the conduit for that
and tap into it.
>> New series.
>> Hold the breath,
especially the in breath.
The mitochondria goes
through five chemical steps
that boost energy in the cells
and gives us more vitality.
>> On a new Art of Letting
Go with Sah D'Simone.
>> In order for us to not have
a short temper or anger issues,
we have to know how to
somatically transform
our anger.
>> New series.
>> And you've forgotten
that you are loved.
>> Coming soon to Gaia
Sphere, only on Gaia.